** Facilitator: Francis **

** Notetaker: Mike Kanning, David Dean **

Gatekeeper:

** Timekeeper: Dan **


### Minuses

  * It could be hard to hear people at times.
  * Categories became unwieldy and big topics were combined, in particular project management and technical debt management
  * room layout is difficult, chairs are uncomfortable
  * Room is hot
  * Oatmeal raisins

### Pluses

  * Yay for facilitators! and notetakers!
  * Great content, information-dense. Learned something in every session
  * Staying all together was successful
  * Open discussion and questions exposed us to new technologies and tools
  * Diversity of institutional type, different perspectives represented.
  * Catered lunch was convenient.
  * Liked the “who has a problem with X” discussion opener format
  * I got a brownie
  * We didn't talk about AI
  * Talked about the Slack channel and how to make it better and get more people involved.
  * Didn’t spend a lot of time on specific products, instead focused on techniques.


### Deltas

  * Quaker Style meeting layout (a big U)
  * Any way to make the gatekeeper’s job easier / make it easier for them to interject
  * a sign to hold up?
  * a bell to ding?
  * System for trading lunch contents
  * Maybe try 2 queues for the "stack": "new topic" and "follow up"
  * but there may not be a big enough pain point here to change the way we're doing it
  * discussion on "management" felt less connected
  * Could we collect resources related to each topic? Like tutorials, rather than just documentation on products and tools.
  * Use some time in the intro of day 2 to work on this?
  * Can we do the notes documents for sessions prior to the first day
  * Can we have tables?
  * A different prompt - what’s the biggest failure you’ve had / seen with X? What did you learn?

### Action Items:

  * Barter for cookies system
  * Can we add a how/to document with resources
  * Offer pre- post- event workshops as part of the summit
  * Re-Do What is DevOps and Resources adding links and tutorial info to a Google Doc
  * Re-activate monthly #devops4lib meetings

