# Retrospective

* Facilitator: Erick
* Notetaker: Mike K
* Notetaker: James
* Gatekeeper: N/A
* Timekeeper: Daniel

## Minuses 

* Tight timeline from announcement to conference date
* One week between registration and confirmation that attendees were registered (by e-mail)
* Lack of tables/ Electric
* Acoustics (speakers needed to project their voice)
* Not a sufficient amount of teas
* More time at the beginning to organize sessions (or, restructure sessions; some of the topics might have been too broad in scope)
* Is “gatekeeper” the proper title for this role? In this context, the role is responsible for asking for clarification. Perhaps “translator”? “jargon detector”? “disambiguator”?

## Pluses

* Thank you for everyone pulling this together so quickly!
* Appreciate that there was not a large time gap between being approved to travel to this event and the actual event itself
* Lunch 
* Round seating layout was an improvement over presentation-style seating
* Starting at 9:30
* No complicated funding requests
* Lunch/food bartering and exchange
* Really good content; Very good conversations for each session
* Wifi worked
* Full participation ensures that some sessions at unconferences become increasingly broad in scope; Experts directly addressing narrow topics lead to very different discussions
* Having space at the beginning of the conference days (expand on topics with informal conversations)
* Two days is good
* Length of the sessions
* Price of attendance 
* Smaller conference, and scaling this if it continues to grow might change the dynamic of the event (hard limit for registrants was beneficial)
* Having all attendees in one room (rather than separate breakout rooms)
    * When I know nothing I will learn
    * when i know nothing I know that people who do know things will be there
* Timekeepers, gatekeepers, notetakers were praised
* happy hour at the New Deck Tavern

## Deltas

* Automation in registration process
* Have breakfast -Omelet Station 
* Offer table seating next time, at least as an option
* Maybe have microphones
* Open registration earlier but keep slots held back for later registrations  (180 days, 90, 30 day tickets) 
* Free chat time - open 
* More Tea Choices
* deduplicate the list a bit more beforehand? Or otherwise make the planning process a bit more wieldy. Use a software tool?
* Less exhaustive listing of topic proposals
* Perhaps increase the disparity in length between sessions? Day One saw certain sessions being cut off
* Perhaps have certain sessions which were more focused on specific technologies for those looking to develop practical experience (e. g. one session for hands-on kubernetes)
* Explore the possibility of providing the gatekeeper with some form of non-verbal sign (interrupting the facilitator or someone else speaking can be awkward)
* Social events: Sign-up sheet for events such as karaoke
* Some means by which to assess which institutions are using which platforms or utilities in preparation for the event (however, there are concerns for those from institutions or organizations which are addressing more localized problems or working different technologies)
* DevOps4Lib should continue! Perhaps in one year?
    * Penn decided to propose the even in September/October, with the first planning committee being assembled in January
    * Two meetings per year was the traditional approach
    * Hosting two events in different regions of the US might keep the number of registrants lower
* Perhaps experiment with alternatives to starting the next unconference
* Award for furthest travel to conference (Extra Donut)

## Action Items:

* Reviving the #devops Slack Channel
    * There is also still an IRC for code4lib
* Lightning Talk at Code4Lib 2024
* Publish a blog post? Article in Code4Lib journal?