## DevOps4lib 2024 Spring Summit in Philadelphia

[Welcome slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1S-gKwiWb4L2lho7k2R9s8vk-3GS3H-ategy8klwIpKU)

### General Information
The  DevOps4Lib 2024 Spring Summit will be held in Piladelphia Wednesday, March 5th and Thursday, March 6th

Logistical details are available on the [event website](https://www.library.upenn.edu/events/devops4lib-2024).

### Location
* [Van Pelt-Dietrich Library Center](https://cms.business-services.upenn.edu/penntravel/visiting-penn/directions.html)
* Photo ID is required to enter the building.
* We will meet in rooms 625 - 627 on the 6th floor. Once in the building, take the elevator to the 6th floor, turn left out of the elevator, take an immediate right, and walk straight back. Rooms 625 - 627 will be on your right.

### Food
Morning coffee and lunch will be provided on both days.

### Code of Conduct
This meeting is governed by the [code4lib code of conduct](https://github.com/code4lib/code-of-conduct/blob/main/code_of_conduct.md)

Please contact an event organizer if you need help with a code of conduct issue or violation.

### Conference Chat
We'll be chatting on the `#devops` channel on the code4lib slack. If you need an account on the code4lib slack, you can sign up
at https://docs.google.com/forms/d/120Dw1JjLxPJB9VTGl0mUY7Ot6yg6YNY1RZUISJFzdwk/viewform?c=0&w=1

### Session Schedule
[schedule.md](schedule.md)

### Session notes
[Notes google drive folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1taYn22RLyghZf9A9Ms3_jmYU03MVLAuH)

At each session we will ask for a volunteer notetaker. During the session we will take notes on google docs to allow for collaborative notetaking. After each session the volunteer notetaker should submit a pull request to this github repository with the final version of the notes for that session.

### Session roles
* Facilitator:  Open each session, call on people to speak if discussions get lively, and try to help us hear from everyone. See “discussion starters” for ideas to keep discussions going.
* 2 notetakers: Take notes collaboratively, and create a PR to the github repo for their session.
* Timekeeper: Let us know when we’re reached the end of a timeboxed portion of discussion or are nearing / at the end of our session time.
* Gatekeeper: Advocate for full participation in the session. Ask for clarification on acronyms, tooling names or other phrases so everyone understands the conversation. A gatekeeper should ask even if they personally know the answer. Ask to slow the conversation at times to ensure everyone can participate.

### Discussion starters for facilitators
* Define the space
* Articulate a problem statement
* "what do we do well?"
* "What would you like to improve"
* "What deliverables to shoot for"
* "List of use cases"
